# Financial Guardian
#### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/9qs36cUSymo
#### Description:
This project was inspired by my father. Recently, I have seen his spending habits get more and more out of control. In order to curb this, I wanted to create a web app that would curb his spending. I realised that I could create a barebone version of this for my CS50 Final Project. And so I did.
For the HTML portion, I decided to use Bootstrap as it was covered in the CS50 course and was widely used by Web Developers. I created a layout page and I duplicated it around all my pages. 
Next, I would like to go over my app.py. As I was new to web applications, I mainly copied a lot of the default settings from problem set nine. For my index function, I returned the name page, which welcomed the user to the website. If you are a ward, there will be a counter for the number of request approved or rejected recently and an anchor tag to go to the history page in order to see the new request approved or denied by the guardian. This is done by creating a SQL column in the SQL table ward_info which counts every time that a request is handled by the guardian. It is reseted every time the ward logs out. If you are a guardian, there will instead be a counter for the number of pending request that you need to approve or deny and anchor tag that leads to the request page to approve and deny request. This is done by counting the amount of pending request for the guardian. 
For the next function, the request function, if the user used a 'get method, he would be directed to request.html, which provided him with a form to fill in what the item was,  how much is cost, a description of the item, why he wanted the item and whether the item was a want or a need. After pressing the submit button, a prompt would ask a user to confirm if he wanted to submit the form. If he did, he would be redirected to the same page to allow him to submit another request. When the website receives the POST request for the form, the websites stores the infomation it receives into the SQL table 'request.
If the user was a guardian, when they click the request button, they would see the requests that the ward sent in, which after that they can choose to approve and deny, and after that write their reasons why they approved or denied it. After they submit it, the SQL table 'request is updated again.
For the login and register pages, I adapted the code from the finance problem set into here. The things that I altered are that I set in two different account type by allowing the user to register both the ward and the guardian at the same time. For the login page, depending on which type of account they choose to login, it will bring them to check against different SQL tables. I'm proud of my design choice to use two different SQL tables as it simplifies the SQL dataset a lot more and allows me to be able to visualise the code better.
